I've been building a card/tiles making software for some time now. Before releasing it, I'd like to see whether there is a need for it and what kind of features it should have.

So far, the program I have made (python langage based) have the following features:
1) create ready to print Card/Tiles sheets, placing images on a sheet in order to ease dual printing of image

This feature is the most important one. It allows to simply create a deck of card or tiles from existing images, saving this deck in CSV/Excel format.
You can simply change their quantity and format them to the same size, creating dual printing pages if asked.

This is the "raison d'être" of the software. At the time, I wanted to be able to easily print some card proxy for my Collectible Card Game sessions.

- now partially woring in current version.

2) Add simple image transformation to your deck
Software comes with a bunch of template to transform your image before creating printing sheet. Think what some inkscape scripts would do.
Some examples of implemented features:
- add a custom border to an image
- divide the image in several sub-ones (especially useful to split a board into several card-sized pictures)
- transforming an image to an origami-dice shaped one



3) Add some simple script to create & fill your deck
Think what nandeck would do here. Software can understand script in order to directly add card.
Some example of implemented script:
- cut an existing picture in 6 subimage and create an origami dice for it
- duplicate an existing deck to add greyscale dual copy of each card


This feature comes next to the first one. I wanted to be able to create easy card games easily, with an high level program langage.
Something like:
for color in (red,blue,green):
for value in (2,3,4):
deck.AddCard(color,value)
That is what those scripts do.


4) Creating your own High Level Template
Once you have mastered the basic usages, you can launch the template designer, which is a WYSIWIG interface to create template, like the one existing in Magic Set Editor software. Contrary to magic set software, template are created from the GUI.
With such template, you can create a simple excel/CSV file holding the data from your deck. The software will create the image for you.
Think cardmaker software, here.


This feature cames with me playing with the Magic Set Editor Software. I wanted to do the same things, without being obliged to re-learn the text-based template system. As a side effect, my software is able to export is template to Magic Set Editor Format.

5) Directly enhance the program script & template throught python langage.

Sometime, you just want to directly code your solution. Program is designed to allow for template & script coding, directly in Python.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a lot to read. The program is ready, but in alpha quality.

Designer Features:
- auto correct & round size & pos versus template size on export
-